1. What is the DOM? What is meant by the DOM tree?
   DOM stands for the document object model. It specifies how browsers should create  a model of an HTML page and how JavaScript
   can access and update the contents of a web page while it is in the browser window The DOM specifies the way in which 
   the browser should structure this model using a DOM tree, it is made up of nodes (objects). It is an hierarchial structures 
   with a document node all the way at the top of the tree. HTML elements are represented by their own nodes and have 
   their attributes and content in nodes adjacent to them.

2. What is an XSS attack? How do they work? How can you guard against them?
   XSS, cross-site scripting attacks are when an attacker could gain access to websites' user accounts. The hacker can
   add code into an input that is generated as HTML and gain this access. To guard against them, we need to be careful 
   of what content we treat as HTML, and an input should very rarely have the option to show the input that the user
   put in and we need to validate the inputs going to the server (strip it of potential malicious intent by removing tags,
    escaping characters, etc).

3. What is an event in JavaScript?
   An event in JavaScript are things/actions that happen to HTML elements, they happen when users click or tap on a 
   link, hover over an element or when the page loads. Events can trigger code that react the action.
   
4. How does a DOM eventListener work? What are the parameters it is expecting?
   DOM eventListener sets up a function that will be called whenever the specified event is delivered to the target. 
   The parameters are: an event type (e.g., "click"), the callback function to execute when the event occurs, and an 
   optional options object for additional settings
   
5. What is jQuery? Why use it? How do we load jQuery onto a page?
   jQuery is a lightweight "write less, do more", JavaScript library, it is supposed to make it easier to use JavaScript 
   on a website. jQuery reduces the amount of code needed to do many common tasks by wrapping them into methods. We 
   load it onto our webpage by linking a cdn link. jQuery simplifies HTML, DOM manipulation, event handling, CSS
    animations and many more things to help us create a dynamic web page.

   