1. What is SQL? MySQL? What are relational databases?
   SQL stands for Structured query language, it is a standard language for database creation and manipulation.
   MySQL is a relational database program (one of many) that use SQL queries.
   Relational databases use a structure that allows us to identify and access data is relation to another piece
   of data in the database, these are called, relationshipsS

2. What is normalization in SQL?
   Normalization helps organize the columns and tables of a database to ensure that database integrity contraints
   are properly execute their dependencies. It helps avoid duplicate information by using relationships and scale 
   our data.

3. What are primary and foreign keys?
   A primary key is the field/fields that are used to uniquely identify each record in a table. The three requirements
   for a primary key are: it cannot be null, it must be unique and there can be onlu one defined per table.
   A foreign key is a field/fields in one table that refernces the primary key in another table. The data in the fields 
   from both tables is exactly the same and the table that the key is imported from must have existing records before
   the table with the foreign key record has the matching or related records.

4. What are the three relationship types?
   One-to-One: for every record in the primary table, there is one and only one record in the foreign table
   One-to-Many:for evry record in the primary table, there are one or more related records in the foreign table
   Many-to-Many: for every record in the primary table, there are many related records in the foreign table and for every record in the
   foreign table, there are many related records in ther primary table.

5. What is the difference between a left join and an inner join?
   A left join returns all records with everything on table A and anything matching with it from table B.
   An inner join only gives you the data that matches between table A and table B, there is no extra information like the left join.
