1. What is PHP? What do server side languages do in web development?
   PHP stands for Hypertext Preprocessor. PHP is a server-side scripting language used for web development. It can
   be embedded in HTML and is used to build dynamic websites by handling server-side logic such as form handling, session
   management, database interactions and other things. Server-side languages run on the web server and
   are responsible for managing the back-end operations of a web application. The languages can process
   user inputs, interact with other servers, control seesion management and perform security checks.

2. What are some examples of how PHP and JavaScript are alike and how they differ?
   Both PHP and JavaScript are scripting languages, meaning that they can be written as scripts that exccute
   commands that are used to control how a webpage behaves or responds to user interactions. Both can be used
   to manipulate HTML and interact with databases. Both are dynamic, interpreted languages, with JavaScript being mainly
   client-side and PHP handling server-side logic. However, PHP requires a server to run (ex. Apache) and it handles back-
   end logic like interacting with a database. PHP usually runs one request at a time. JavaScript can in the browser without
   needing a server and it handles front-end tasks like user interactions and animations. JavaScript can run asynchronously.
   While JavaScript is event-driven and runs asynchronously using an event loop, PHP operates synchronously using a 
   multi-threaded model. JavaScript uses prototypes for object-oriented programming, while PHP is class-based. 
   Each language has distinct memory management systems, with JavaScript relying on garbage collection and PHP using
   reference counting.

3. Why pick PHP over another server side scripting language?
   PHP is widely used across the web (ex. Facebook, WordPress, Yahoo!) making it supported by hosting providers. PHP is 
   integrated with various databases like MySQL. It also works on many platforms and can easily be embedded in HTML.
   PHP is easy to learn as well, it's syntax is straightforward and similiar to HTML. It also has rich documentation, 
   with a lot of tutorials.

4. What’s the difference between the include and require keywords in PHP?
   The 'include' keyword includes and evaluates the specified file and if the file is not found or there's an error, it will emit
   a warning, but the script will continue to execute. On the other hand, the keyword 'require' includes and evaluates the specified
   file but if the file is not found or there's and error, it will emit a fatal error and the script will stop execution.

   a. What would happen if you tried to use a variable from a file that hasn’t been included yet?
      With 'include', an "undefined variable" warning would appear and the script would continue to run.
      With 'require' a fatal error would appear and the script would stop execution because the file containing the varaible wasn't 
      found or properly included

5. Compare and contrast echo and var_dump.
   'echo' is a statement that outputs the given value or varaible. It can be used to display plain text or HTML like content in the 
   browser. 'var_dump' is similiar in that it outputs the value(s) in addition to including the values' type. It can print 
   out non-primitive types.

